
Looking for Almonds, Cashews, Walnuts or Dried Fruits?


Our Nuts&Fruits medley is here to supercharge your snacking life with a fully-loaded, fruit-packed snack mix. Our flavorful medley has nearly every dried fruit delight under the sun: from papaya to cherries, mangoes to whole strawberries, plus bananas, raisins, pineapple and whole slices of killer dried kiwi. Not to worry, we didn’t leave out the nuts! Our medley is full of roasted almonds, peanuts, whole, raw walnuts, buttery macadamias and decadent milk chocolate-covered cashews. 

They are a near perfect food, and an extraordinary combination of the savory and the sweet, healthy nutrition, and an enjoyable crunchiness that appeals to all ages. These specialty food products are perfect not only for snacks, but as well as ingredients for gourmet cooking and baking.

WE WANT TO TAKE YOU ON A TASTE JOURNEY.
Explore our snacks by visiting 'Products' page or just Contact us.



With wholesale nuts, you'll never run out of our robust roasted hazelnuts, buttery macadamias, earthy pecans, or decadent milk chocolate-covered cashews. They are a near perfect food, and an extraordinary combination of the savory and the sweet, healthy nutrition, and an enjoyable crunchiness that appeals to all ages.


With wholesale nuts, you'll never run out of our robust roasted hazelnuts, buttery macadamias, earthy pecans, or decadent milk chocolate-covered cashews. uttery macadamias, earthy pecans, or decadent milk chocolate-covered cashews

Looking for Almonds, Cashews, Walnuts or Organic?

Fantastic news for dried-fruit diehards: our Fruit & Nut Medley is here to supercharge your snacking life with a fully-loaded, fruit-packed snack mix. Our flavorful medley has nearly every dried fruit delight under the sun: from papaya to cherries, mangoes to whole strawberries, plus bananas, raisins, pineapple and whole slices of killer dried kiwi. Not to worry, we didn’t leave out the nuts! Our medley is full of roasted almonds, peanuts and whole, raw walnuts. Stop midday hunger in its tracks. Stock your desk or pantry with the finest fruit medley around!

About our Dried Fruits

Hopefully by now you realize that Nuts.com is “More than Just Nuts,” and also includes a wide assortment of dried fruits and then some. These specialty food products are perfect for snacks, as well as ingredients for gourmet cooking and baking.

From dried banana chips to dried cherries to crystallized ginger and other exotic flavors, our dried fruit selection is tantalizing. And the best part about it is that you can eat dried fruits year round, as they are always "in season."

Whether it be savoring our succulent medjool dates , snacking on our dried blueberries or dried cranberries , cooking or baking with our sun dried tomatoes , we are certain you will love the quality of our dried fruits. And don't forget to try goji berries for a dose of antioxidants, or prunes, dried apricots, and organic coconut for fiber.

We love our dried fruit here at Nuts.com, and we are constantly sampling from different growers in search of the most tantalizing and delicious assortment to add to our selection of dried fruits. (Well, that's our excuse anyway!) Be sure to read some of our testimonials to see what our customers have to say.

Check out our related recipes for dried fruits.


Delight your Employees


Each SnackNation box contains 150 single-serve snacks. Your custom box includes a rotating selection from our library of premium snacks. Get bars, chips, jerky, granola, trail mix, dried fruit and more. We customize each box to suit your office’s snacking needs and desires. 

Convenient Delivery on Your Schedule

Easy delivery means you’ll never have an empty cupboard situation. Pause or stop anytime.



We work directly with suppliers to get the very best price on premium delicious snacks. Save an average 40% on your office snacks. Plus, stop wasting time and money on trips to the grocery store.

Clean & Delicious
Tasty snacks always made with real ingredients and no added sugar or chemicals. Gluten-free, kosher and low sugar options available.

Save Time & Money
No more trips to the store, no more retail markups. Our prices are about 40% less than retail!


Exciting New Snacks Every Time
With 5,000+ snacks, we create a mix that makes every mouth smile and rotate in new brands to keep it fresh.
